you do still regularly speak to the
president don't you when was the last
time you spoke to him
I spoke probably about months ago right
because he's traveling a lot so when I
want to call I have to go via White
House secretary then it goes into over
of his some time he's in meetings some
time in you cannot be interrupted you
know I get him in the private quarters
but it gets tricky because you know his
wife now wife it's there and I don't
want to confuse anybody and I'd want to
accost any troubles so but we speak to
each other does it cause trouble then do
you think when you call him well if it
would be me in Melania place I would not
really like the matter though ex-wife
it's calling my house I don't know
children I'm very sensitive sorry yeah
you have three children together would
be perfectly reasonable for you to still
have conversations when you have
children and grandchildren in common
yeah but are you calling him about
personal things or is it to offer him a
palatable talk about the kids we're
talking about holidays you know where
the vacations and and the birthdays and
this kind of things can you believe he's
president as secondly do you think he's
enjoying being president well do I
believe that he's vice president I
really knew when he said he's going to
run but donors said something mine on
something he's going to do it and was a
shock that he won yes everybody were and
now everybody were but America voted and
he's our president and and you like it
or leave it
you know is he like is he enjoying being
press I think he loves to deal and
Vieira you know he likes to make a
decisions he likes to read the contracts
he likes to Iran's the country as a
business and this is how it should be
run lots of stuff at the moment about
Donald being a racist inflammatory
remarks that he said there's been a lot
of this in the last two years I've known
him a long time and in all the time I
knew him I never heard anything from him
that I could ever construe as being
racist some
of his comments in recent weeks
particularly the weekend they did
borderline racist 'var whichever way you
look at it they are inflammatory and
they're unpleasant is he a racist in
your experience I don't think doughnuts
racist adora you know sometime he says
the things you know which are silly or
he doesn't really mean them or something
like that but he's definitely they're
not not racist I'm sure of that why does
he say them then who knows you know
here's so many people telling him left
and right what to say and what to not to
say and things like that and sometimes
maybe get confusing and honestly don't
know do you try when you say to him do
you try and dial him down a bit I mean
he tweets and outrageous people and so
on some people like them I quite like
the the glimpse into the mind of the
president in real time I think is
exciting and unpredictable other people
hate it
do you think he'll ever change he's in
his 70s now he's not going to change and
I think that we think it's actually not
a bad idea because the press you speak
to the press and press change every word
you say and and they twist it and all
that and whatever is said it comes
totally different way if he tweets it's
out of his mouth and sometime it might
not be clear and they were but at least
it is exactly what he sings he's so
polarizing the you know depending even
in America he got a New York in Los
Angeles they really don't like him and
many people to get into the middle of
America they love him in Britain I think
there are people that like Trump but
many people hate Donald Trump to the
extent where he doesn't feel he can even
come here what do you feel about that I
think I'm only the Trump which is like
let in which is in the in the UK I love
you UK I love London I had a house in
here for 28 years and I have a lot of
friends so I'm very welcome he feels sad
that he has such a reputation now that
people here don't wanting to come you
know what I really don't have any input
in it or I don't really think about it
you know so he's gone he's no British
blood doesn't he he has a British birth
his mother was fantastic and
so I will see what happens the other
accusation that sort of keeps getting
headlines about him is that he is sexist
and that his treatment of women is is
not terribly good we saw the women's
March of course you know sort of days
weeks after he is you know he became
president we heard the comments that he
made on those tapes which were leaked
about how he feels about women you were
married to him how does he treat women
and how did he treat you because that
ended in a rather unsavory way didn't it
well he treated me fantastic I never had
a problem there was always polite always
outspoken this always emerged after
Beautiful's after my divorce I see
during the divorce it was nasty because
the lawyers were involved in a minute
when the divorce was finalized our
financial agreement was done we became
we are friends you know we were together
for 16 years did he have a pretty badly
in the marriage never never you know I
was I was his partner you know I was a I
was very successful businesswoman
you know I build oh the Grand High hotel
I build the Trump Tower
I was flying for eight years to Atlantic
City 2:00 in the morning at 8 o clock on
helicopter coming back at 5 o'clock
afternoon running the casinos then I ran
the plaza hotel I was a boss and during
Lewis in the course of the divorce talks
about the way that he treated you badly
was that not the case no it was the
lawyers road or larger stuff it was not
Donna never touch me I mean badly never
really we never screamed there was no
even during the divorce there was no
screaming slamming the doors nothing it
was just you know Christian of the money
and Donna took the divorce as a business
so once their van was out of the way we
were hundred percent okay
you